docs(v2): `Awesome-Vault-Service` (#520)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-rs: examples/awesome-vault-service/README.md

# Awesome Vault Service example

This example shows how to create a more complex AVS based on the SDK structure. The AVS shown here is a local Redis version that allows storing key-value pairs in the Task Manager. In this sense, the task for the operators to complete is storing the pair into a local Merkle tree of pairs and recomputing the root hash of the tree, submitting it as the response value to the Task Manager on-chain contract.

## Structure

### Types

> The task type of the solidity contract is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task type of the Solidity contract is the following:
```

    }
```

The input is the key-value pair mentioned at first.

The task response type is:

``` solidity
    struct TaskResponse {
        uint32 referenceTaskIndex;
        bytes32 result;
    }
```

The `result` field represents the root hash of the stored Merkle tree.

### Specific business logic

The challenger and operator use the `VaultServiceResponseCalculator.compute_response()` method for computing responses. Unlike the other examples that use the struct `FunctionResponseCalculator` provided by the SDK, this example defines a custom struct that implements `ResponseCalculator`. This is because we need to maintain internal state to store values over time. You can see the specific implementation in `examples/awesome-vault-service/src/response_calculator.rs`.

The method inserts the key-value pair into the vaults array representing the Merkle tree. Then, computes the tree root hash and returns it as the task response value.

For response validation, there should be an additional check to verify that the operator has uploaded the key-value pair, but for that, proof telling the operator has set the value should be added to the challenge cycle.

> To create the sequence that passes input values to the task spammer, we use the sequence generator in the task manager main (in `examples/awesome-vault-service/src/bin/task-spammer.rs`), that creates a sequence that on each iteration advances on 1 and gives as input a fixed key-pair defined from the iteration number.

Reviewer: Is this correct? I think the Rust example used random keys, while the Go one uses a fixed set of keys.
```suggestion
To create the sequence that passes input values to the task spammer, we use the sequence generator in the task spammer main (in `examples/awesome-vault-service/src/bin/task-spammer.rs`), which creates a sequence that on each iteration advances on 1 and receives as input a fixed key-pair defined from the iteration number.
```

Author: mb, in Rust we use random keys and values
